good morning I'm Jim Cole seen enough
here in foggy foggy San Francisco and I
am tiling with the 800 milliliter
milliliter 800 millimeter lens and I
don't know if you can see it but way off
in the distance is the Golden Gate
Bridge in the fog which is very unusual
for this angle and way off in that
direction is Transamerica building which
we can't even see from here but with
this telescope of a lens everything
comes into view so let's give it a whirl
and we'll see what we can or at least
I'll see what I can show you so here's
the lens on the Wimberly tripod head and
the side view nicely lit and the lens
was lighter than the 600 millimeter
canon lens that i've used in the past
but still it was pretty nice using it
with the Wimberly hmm looking at the
Golden Gate Bridge way off in the
distance it filled the the frame nicely
with the bridge this was at an 800
millimeter focal distance so no
extenders on there and then looking off
in the other direction you you could see
the Transamerica building although it
was really really fogged in and then
looking back the Golden Gate Bridge a
little bit later a little bit different
light again filled the scene nicely and
still made use of the fog shrouding the
base of the bridge looking in a
completely different direction I wanted
to see how much detail I could capture
with the lens and again at 800
millimeters these are tourists on top of
Twin Peaks on the other side of this
hill is downtown San Francisco
so to give you an idea of the different
options you have with extenders this
image is of the Waldo tunnel in Marin
actually the Marin Headlands at 800
millimeters and here is another version
of it with a 1.4 teleconverter on there
so that brings it up to about
I don't know 1,100 1,100 20 millimeters
or so and then swapping out that
extender for a two time extender this
shows what's possible with the two time
extender
now the downside to this this day was
that there was quite a bit of
atmospheric distortion but ultimately
gives you an idea of the magnification
capabilities of the lens and without the
fog this is the view of the Golden Gate
Bridge from this very same viewpoint now
a little later I went over to the Legion
of Honor when the weather was a little
bit different I kind of had a tough time
with the weather this one weekend that I
was using the lens so this is about the
extent of my wildlife photography
unfortunately and this black bird was
basically at the edge of the nearest
focal distance of the lens and there's
quite a great deal of detail this is I
believe it's 1600 ISO and it's really
sharp not too much noise and then
looking up there was a red-tailed hawk
hovering into the clouds so I get an
idea of how far away that Hawk was I
think this may actually be at 1600
millimetres and then also to give you an
idea of the magnification of the lens
this is a Saint Ignatius Church and
that's st. Ignatius Church which a lot
of people can recognize when they visit
San Francisco and at sunset and the
interesting thing about this was that
it's about and again I didn't really
mention this in the previous photos but
at 800 millimetres a lot of these
subjects are about four miles away so
it's a great deal away and the great
thing about this lens also is that it
gives you the option to create some very
interesting abstracts and here's one
with a full moon
that's peeking through two layers of
storm clouds at sunset and a little bit
more of your your standard view of
of the moon overall the lens was great
I would definitely rent it again I don't
know that I could afford it but I really
enjoyed using it and I really regret
that I didn't get a chance to use it
more with wildlife I did get to use it
from a panning perspective but because
of the weather and air conditions the
photos really weren't worth of showing
but the ease of use with the lens was
great the image stabilization was
excellent and overall sharpness was very
very good so I would recommend it I will
definitely be using a lens again if you
happen to have any questions about the
lens or my experience with it
be sure to visit my website and one of
my blog at jmg galleries calm and be
happy to get your feedback and to share
my experiences